scaffolder-templates/gitlab/quinoa-wind-turbine/README.md, before:

# Wind Turbine TSSC

This repository contains the Backstage Template used to create the Kubernetes resources needed to build/deploy the Wind Turbine game with Trusted Software Supply Chain.

The Wind Turbine app is an interactive game developed by [Andy Damevin](https://github.com/ia3andy) and curated by the [Red Hat Developer Advocates](https://developers.redhat.com/devnation/developer-advocates).
The client is a mobile phone and the backend has a dashboard at `/dashboard` to control and start the game.

Game's architecture:

* Quarkus backend and frontend
* Kafka
* Infinispan cache

![Game Architecture](game.png)

## Repository Breakdown

* skeleton: app source code, it contains catalog-info, Dockerfile, Devfile, Gitlab CI  
* manifests: Kubernetes manifests source code for building and deploying the app: Argo CD App of Apps, Helm for build and deploy, Tekton, Tekton Chains and Argo CD

## How to use this template

1. Order the [Red Hat Trusted Application Pipeline](https://demo.redhat.com/catalog?search=RHTAP&item=babylon-catalog-prod%2Fenterprise.redhat-tap-demo.prod) Lab from demo.redhat.com
2. Install AMQ Streams Operator from OperatorHub
3. Replace in `template.yaml` the default hostname for `cluster_id`, Quay and Gitlab using your own cluster hostnames.
4. Register the template to your Developer Hub catalog. Create->Register new component-> add the URL from your fork or Gitlab copy e.g. https://github.com/WindTurbineInc/software-templates/blob/master/scaffolder-templates/gitlab/quinoa-wind-turbine/template.yaml
5. Use the template name Wind Turbine Software Supply Chain
6. Enable commit verification in Step 3

The setup will install the game in three envs:

* Dev: all the new commits land here, any new git push will trigger the build pipeline
* Pre-prod: When ready in dev, just tag your version in Gitlab and this will start the promote pipeline
* Prod: When ready in pre-prod, create a new release in Gitlab from your tag and this will start again the promote pipeline
  
Do a first commit do kick-off the first pipeline and then follow the flow.

A possible flow would be:

* Let the audience play with V1 in PROD (better generating qrcodes so they can scan the URL from mobile)
* Do a change in the code from DevSpaces or your local IDE, enable the shaking feature [here](https://github.com/WindTurbineInc/software-templates/blob/master/scaffolder-templates/gitlab/quinoa-wind-turbine/skeleton/src/main/webui/src/Config.js#L28) and let the audience play with V2 when pipeline ends.
* Promote the change as V2 with a V2 tag and then promote to prod with a release for V2.
* Enjoy!

If you use local IDE or the IDE provided in the VNC connected RHEL9 server , you can sign commit as follows (change hosts with your cluster):

```bash
git config --local --edit

[gitsign]
        fulcio = https://fulcio-server-trusted-artifact-signer.apps.cluster-6c6wk.sandbox879.opentlc.com
        issuer = https://keycloak-keycloak-system.apps.cluster-6c6wk.sandbox879.opentlc.com/auth/realms/trusted-artifact-signer
        rekor = https://rekor-server-trusted-artifact-signer.apps.cluster-6c6wk.sandbox879.opentlc.com
        clientid = trusted-artifact-signer


git config --local commit.gpgsign true
git config --local tag.gpgsign true
git config --local gpg.x509.program gitsign
git config --local gpg.format x509

git commit -S -am "Signing from Linux"
```

Commit message:

Update Kafka version and Operator name

scaffolder-templates/gitlab/quinoa-wind-turbine/README.md, after:

# Wind Turbine TSSC

This repository contains the Backstage Template used to create the Kubernetes resources needed to build/deploy the Wind Turbine game with Trusted Software Supply Chain.

The Wind Turbine app is an interactive game developed by [Andy Damevin](https://github.com/ia3andy) and curated by the [Red Hat Developer Advocates](https://developers.redhat.com/devnation/developer-advocates).
The client is a mobile phone and the backend has a dashboard at `/dashboard` to control and start the game.

Game's architecture:

* Quarkus backend and frontend
* Kafka
* Infinispan cache

![Game Architecture](game.png)

## Repository Breakdown

* skeleton: app source code, it contains catalog-info, Dockerfile, Devfile, Gitlab CI  
* manifests: Kubernetes manifests source code for building and deploying the app: Argo CD App of Apps, Helm for build and deploy, Tekton, Tekton Chains and Argo CD

## How to use this template

1. Order the [Red Hat Trusted Application Pipeline](https://demo.redhat.com/catalog?search=RHTAP&item=babylon-catalog-prod%2Fenterprise.redhat-tap-demo.prod) Lab from demo.redhat.com
2. Install *Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka* from OperatorHub
3. Replace in `template.yaml` the default hostname for `cluster_id`, Quay and Gitlab using your own cluster hostnames.
4. Register the template to your Developer Hub catalog. Create->Register new component-> add the URL from your fork or Gitlab copy e.g. https://github.com/WindTurbineInc/software-templates/blob/master/scaffolder-templates/gitlab/quinoa-wind-turbine/template.yaml
5. Use the template name Wind Turbine Software Supply Chain
6. (Optional) Enable commit verification in Step 3 of the software template launch if you want to enable git commit signature and verification, see below on how to configure your IDE.

The setup will install the game in three envs:

* Dev: all the new commits land here, any new git push will trigger the build pipeline
* Pre-prod: When ready in dev, just tag your version in Gitlab and this will start the promote pipeline
* Prod: When ready in pre-prod, create a new release in Gitlab from your tag and this will start again the promote pipeline
  
Do a first commit do kick-off the first pipeline and then follow the flow.

A possible flow would be:

* Let the audience play with V1 in PROD (better generating qrcodes so they can scan the URL from mobile)
* Do a change in the code from DevSpaces or your local IDE, enable the shaking feature [here](https://github.com/WindTurbineInc/software-templates/blob/master/scaffolder-templates/gitlab/quinoa-wind-turbine/skeleton/src/main/webui/src/Config.js#L28) and let the audience play with V2 when pipeline ends.
* Promote the change as V2 with a V2 tag and then promote to prod with a release for V2.
* Enjoy!

### Commit signature

If you have enable commit verification and you use local IDE or the IDE provided in the VNC connected RHEL9 server , you can sign commit as follows (change hosts with your cluster):

```bash
git config --local --edit

[gitsign]
        fulcio = https://fulcio-server-trusted-artifact-signer.apps.cluster-6c6wk.sandbox879.opentlc.com
        issuer = https://keycloak-keycloak-system.apps.cluster-6c6wk.sandbox879.opentlc.com/auth/realms/trusted-artifact-signer
        rekor = https://rekor-server-trusted-artifact-signer.apps.cluster-6c6wk.sandbox879.opentlc.com
        clientid = trusted-artifact-signer


git config --local commit.gpgsign true
git config --local tag.gpgsign true
git config --local gpg.x509.program gitsign
git config --local gpg.format x509

git commit -S -am "Signing from Linux"
```
